System Architecture
The Poppin app will be built using the following technologies:

Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Backend: Node.js, Express.js
Database: PostgreSQL
The frontend and backend will communicate via RESTful API endpoints. The backend will be responsible for querying the database, while the frontend will be responsible for displaying the data and sending user input to the backend.

The system architecture will be divided into two main components: the Club side and the User side. Each component will have its own set of forms and functionality.

Club Side
The Club side of the app will consist of two forms:

Add Section Form
This form will allow the club to add a new section. It will include the following fields:

Number of sections
Cost per section
Start time
End time
When the form is submitted, the data will be sent to the server via a POST request. The server will then insert the data into the database.

View Section Form
This form will allow the club to view the number of people who have put in for a section and whether they have paid or not. It will include the following fields:

Section ID
Number of people
Paid or not
When the form is submitted, the server will query the database for the relevant information and return it to the frontend.

User Side
The User side of the app will consist of two forms:

Party Size Form
This form will allow the user to input the size of their party and whether they have paid or not. It will include the following fields:

Party size
Paid or not
When the form is submitted, the data will be sent to the server via a POST request. The server will then insert the data into the database.

Club Info Form
This form will display the name and location of the club, as well as the cost for the night. It will include the following fields:

Club name
Club location
Cost for the night
When the form is submitted, the server will query the database for the relevant information and return it to the frontend.

Beta Version
For the beta version of the app, a carousel-style interface will be used to display various clubs. When the user clicks on a club, they will be taken to an info page that displays the club's name, location, and cost for the night.

Database Schema
The following tables will be created in the PostgreSQL database:

Sections Table
section_id (primary key)
num_sections
cost_per_section
start_time
end_time
Reservations Table
reservation_id (primary key)
section_id (foreign key referencing Sections table)
party_size
paid_status
Clubs Table
club_id (primary key)
club_name
club_location
cost_for_night
Conclusion
That's the basic design for the Poppin app. Of course, there may be additional features and functionality that you want to add later, but this should give you a good starting point.


** extra credit add a functionality on there for uploading images that will be the pic for now we will do it but I wanty it to be where the club users themselves can put it on there